[docs] Update more EAS Update docs (#29407)
expo/expo: docs/pages/eas-update/introduction.mdx

**EAS Update** is a hosted service that serves updates for projects using the [`expo-updates`](/versions/latest/sdk/updates) library.

> EAS Update makes fixing small bugs and pushing quick fixes a snap in between app store submissions. It accomplishes this by enabling an app to update its own non-native pieces (like JS, styling, and images) over-the-air.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
EAS Update makes fixing small bugs and pushing quick fixes a snap in between app store submissions. It accomplishes this by enabling an app to update its own non-native pieces (such as JS, styling, and images) over-the-air.
```
